**Privacy Policy**

Blanchard Studios built the Gravity Throw app as an open source app. This service is provided by Blanchard Studios at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform users of our policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.

By choosing to use the service, the user agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

We do not require the user to provide any personally identifiable information to the app, nor do we collect any personally identifiable information directly from the app. However, the app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. For example, users may need to provide personally identifiable information to Oculus in order to download and run the app. Any personally identifiable information collected by third-party services is subject to the privacy policy of that service.

The privacy policies of the third-party service providers used by the app can be found below:
*   [Oculus](https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/privacy-policy-for-oculus-account-users/)
*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [Unity](https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy)

Some non-personally identifiable information collected by third-party services may be passed to us. This may include the number of users who have downloaded the app or other information that may be used to track app success. Any personally-identifiable information passed to us from third-party services will not be used and will be promptly deleted.

**Requests for Deletion of Collected Information**
If the user finds that peronally identifiable information has been passed to us through third party services, they may request evidence of deletion of that data by emailing Jared at jaredb711@gmail.com.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, users are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 

This policy is effective as of 2022-06-07

**Contact Us**

Please contact Jared at jaredb711@gmail.com with any questions, doubts, or recommendations for the app.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
